d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.Service.dll
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.Service.pdb
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.Common.dll
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.DAL.dll
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.Model.Common.dll
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.Repository.Common.dll
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.Service.Common.dll
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.Common.pdb
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.DAL.pdb
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.Model.Common.pdb
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.Repository.Common.pdb
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\StartUpMentor.Service.Common.pdb
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\obj\Debug\StartUpMentor.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\obj\Debug\StartUpMentor.Service.dll
d:\Users\Dino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StartUpMentor\StartUpMentor.Service\obj\Debug\StartUpMentor.Service.pdb
